Update _index.md (#809)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/_index.md

### When would you build an app vs a custom slash command vs a webhook vs a plugin?

That depends on your use case, as they each have benefits.

> The built-in incoming webhook is rigid and requires specific fields to be posted to its URL - but some external systems don't allow the customization of the fields included in the webhook payload. Compared to built-in webhooks, an App can be customized to receive an HTTP webhook posting from another system, and can process the incoming data then augment it or make an actionable message in a channel.

Reviewer: As pointed out in https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation/pull/804#discussion_r622019565 I think need to emphasize more the one rice UX on webapp and _mobile_. That is something that plugins can't do.

Also, it's easier to develop an app then a plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The built-in incoming webhook is great for simple use cases. It requires the incoming payload to contain a valid [Post](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nhannv/mattermost-server/model#Post) JSON object - but some external systems don't allow the customization of the fields included in the webhook payload. Compared to built-in webhooks, an App or plugin can be customized to receive an HTTP webhook posting from another system, and can process the incoming data then augment it or make an actionable message in a channel.
```

> A plugin should be used when you need to alter the UX in Mattermost or have an application that requires low latency with the server (such as replacing characters in any message). Currently, plugins have several UX hooks that Apps cannot access, however we plan to add/migrate more UX hooks into the Apps Framework over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A plugin should be used when you need to [directly alter the UI](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices) in Mattermost or you have a feature that requires low latency with the server (such as replacing characters in any message [before it is saved](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/server/reference/#Hooks.MessageWillBePosted)). Currently, plugins have several [UX hooks](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/server/reference/#Hooks) that Apps cannot access, however we plan to add/migrate more UX hooks into the Apps Framework over time. Please see the [plugin documentation](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins) for more information.
```

### What's the difference between the apps framework and the plugin framework?

The App framework provides a few differences from plugins.

- We’ve made our interactive elements easier to use and develop.
- Works on both desktop and mobile clients without any extra code.

> - You host the app code or build for Mattermost and distribute through the Marketplace.

Reviewer: This is this not resolved.

> - You host the app code or build for Mattermost and distribute through the Marketplace.

Author: It's resolved in a separate PR. :)

> - You host the app code or build for Mattermost and distribute through the Marketplace.

Reviewer: Which is it? I can't find it.

> - You host the app code or build for Mattermost and distribute through the Marketplace.

Author: Sorry - I was referring to Matterhost > Mattermost! 

Do you recommend just removing this line?

> - You host the app code or build for Mattermost and distribute through the Marketplace.

Reviewer: I don't know what the original intent of the line was, but as it is, it's not correct and should be removed.

A plugin should be used when you need to [directly alter the UI]({{< ref "extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices" >}}) in Mattermost or you have a feature that requires low latency with the server (such as replacing characters in any message [before it is saved]({{< ref "extend/plugins/server/reference#Hooks.MessageWillBePosted" >}})). Currently, plugins have several [UX hooks]({{< ref "extend/plugins/server/reference#Hooks" >}}) that Apps cannot access, however we plan to add/migrate more UX hooks into the Apps Framework over time. Please see the [plugin documentation]({{< ref "extend/plugins" >}}) for more information.

### What's the difference between the apps framework and the plugin framework?

The App framework provides a few differences from plugins, including:

- Interactive elements are easier to use and develop.
- Compatible with both Mobile and Desktop clients without any extra code.

### What language should I use to write apps?

> Any language you want. We currently have an official driver for Go, and we are planning to release other drivers in the future in conjunction with our community.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we want to link to the Go "driver"? Which would be the structs available at https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-apps/tree/master/apps I think. Also, we are working on creating one for javascript cc @hanzei

Reviewer 2: As well as any app-related utility functions used in our examples

Reviewer 2: Maybe just link to the go quick start and say something like "See the driver's usage here"

### When would you build an app vs a custom slash command vs a webhook vs a plugin?

That depends on your use case, as they each have benefits.

The built-in [incoming webhook](https://docs.mattermost.com/developer/webhooks-incoming.html) is great for simple use cases. It requires the incoming payload to contain a valid [Post](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nhannv/mattermost-server/model#Post) JSON object - but some external systems don't allow the customization of the fields included in the webhook payload. Compared to built-in webhooks, an App or plugin can be customized to receive an HTTP webhook posting from another system, and can process the incoming data then augment it or make an actionable message in a channel.

> A plugin should be used when you need to [directly alter the UI](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices) in Mattermost or you have a feature that requires low latency with the server (such as replacing characters in any message [before it is saved](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/server/reference/#Hooks.MessageWillBePosted)). Currently, plugins have several [UX hooks](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins/server/reference/#Hooks) that Apps cannot access, however we plan to add/migrate more UX hooks into the Apps Framework over time. Please see the [plugin documentation](https://developers.mattermost.com/extend/plugins) for more information.

Reviewer: `ref` should be used as it finds invalid links:

```suggestion
A plugin should be used when you need to [directly alter the UI]({{< ref "extend/plugins/webapp/best-practices" >}}) in Mattermost or you have a feature that requires low latency with the server (such as replacing characters in any message [before it is saved]({{< ref "extend/plugins/server/reference#Hooks.MessageWillBePosted" >}})). Currently, plugins have several [UX hooks]({{< ref "extend/plugins/server/reference#Hooks" >}}) that Apps cannot access, however we plan to add/migrate more UX hooks into the Apps Framework over time. Please see the [plugin documentation]({{< ref "extend/plugins" >}}) for more information.
```
